Page event handlers (#28)
scrapy-plugins/scrapy-playwright: README.md

    ```

## Page events
A dictionary of Page event handlers can be specified in the  `playwright_page_event_handlers`
[Request.meta](https://docs.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/request-response.html#scrapy.http.Request.meta) key.
Keys are the name of the event to be handled (`dialog`, `download`, etc).
Values can be either callables or strings (in which case a spider method with the name will be looked up).

Example:

```python
from playwright.async_api import Dialog

async def handle_dialog(self, dialog: Dialog) -> None:
    logging.info(f"Handled dialog with message: {dialog.message}")
    await dialog.dismiss()

class EventSpider(scrapy.Spider):
    name = "event"

    def start_requests(self):
        yield scrapy.Request(
            url="https://example.org",
            meta=dict(
                playwright=True,
                playwright_page_event_handlers={
                    "dialog": handle_dialog,
                    "response": "handle_response",
                },
            ),
        )

    async def handle_response(self, response: PlaywrightResponse) -> None:
        logging.info(f"Received response with URL {response.url}")
```

> Se the [upstream `Page` docs](https://playwright.dev/python/docs/api/class-page/) for a list of
> the accepted avents and the arguments passed to their handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [upstream `Page` docs](https://playwright.dev/python/docs/api/class-page/) for a list of
the accepted events and the arguments passed to their handlers.
```
